Good evening, family. Thank you for
joining me today. I appreciate it.
We've got a lot to pray about tonight.
I don't even know where
to jump into this river right now;
I'm
just worshiping and listening.
Some of the things the Lord has
shown
me today concern the storm
and praying over our nation.
I was hearing,
"Brandon Biggs loves
America."My
family and I love
America. We love President Trump.
We love our nation and we pray
for it every single day. But there's a
storm coming,
and I never want to come across as
cynical toward America—that I'm up
here damning America and saying,
"Well, Brandon, you're against
America."No,
I
love America. I love my country. I pray
for it every single day. We
were talking about
it today: we pray for
President Trump more than we pray for
anybody else. But when you
see storms and things coming, I
am
a watchman
and I tell you what I see. So, I never
want to come across as being
cynical
or
against America. We
love America. I just want you
to know that when I say what I
say,
we love President Trump. But I'm going
to tell you, we need to pray for him.
Tonight's video is dedicated to praying
for
our country, for
President Trump, and for the valley of
decision where he is right now and
the storm that is on both sides. He's
walking through a valley
with
cliffs on both sides, and
I saw him
about to make a major decision.
This decision
is probably one of
the most important decisions made
by
any president
in decades, probably since World
War II.
It's that big of a
decision—like
the deciding factor
for
Roosevelt
to join in when Japan bombed
Pearl Harbor.
We are at a crossroads right now in
America, and what we're about to see is
an escalation of war like you wouldn't
believe.
We're at a tipping point and most
people don't realize the
severity and the urgency of
it.
Maybe you feel the urgency tonight because you
clicked on this video so quickly.
But
this is a time like we've never seen
before. In this generation,
our
grandfathers fought in the
war. How many times
have I told you I've seen
scenes
like Saving Private Ryan over
Europe and other areas? I saw the
Hitler symbol being called up
through sacrifice, through virgin
sacrifices out of Berlin through
witchcraft.
I saw so much demonic, occultic
activity—channeling
and trying
to conjure up through CERN,
through portals, through satanic
practice—trying
to bring forth the
Hitler spirit to bring forth the
Mahdi,
which would be the Antichrist.
I don't focus on darkness and I
really never talk about it, but I tell
you what I see when I see it.
Like I said, we're at the Valley
of Decision,
and so I'm going to go over some
of the things the Lord has shown me
concerning Cuba
and the storm coming out of Cuba.
I've warned about Cuba more than I
warned about Venezuela.
Cuba was a hot spot;
Cuba's more serious than Venezuela. We
went after Venezuela and we took Maduro
out and that's all done, right? No, it's
not done.
There's more coming.
There's a storm. The drug cartels
don't want to let go; they've
had a stronghold over that nation. This
is big money—billions
of
dollars
of drug and human
trafficking.
They've had a stronghold on that nation. There
are
key leaders and people
through Cuba that are very dark and it
goes into Claudia; it's a
three-stranded cord
that is not easily broken—a
three-stranded
cord that goes through
Mexico, through Claudia and the drug
cartels, and through Cuba.
It's like a V.
What the Lord has warned us so many
times is that I saw submarines and
boats secretly delivering packages
to Cuba in the night. What
is
secret to us is secret to the United
States. Being 100 miles
away from the southernmost point, I'm
sure they know.
They know
everything about us; to
pretend they don't is ignorance. But
I've seen a storm coming out of Cuba and
the Lord kept bringing up the 1960s
Cuban Missile Crisis,
revisiting old alliances with Russia
and Cuba, and the things that I've seen
in the days ahead—secret things. I
saw underground caverns
that were dug in Cuba,
underground bases that
had military equipment and biological
weapons
so
they
could infiltrate
and
go after Miami
parts of the
Florida Keys. How do you attack and
retaliate? I saw the dragon come up
three times out of the water. It was
lavender.
If anybody remembers the dragon, it had
purple under its eyes. It
was symbolic of something the Lord
was trying to tell us about. The
dragon came up out of the
water three
times, dipping three times.
It was symbolic of something we're
praying over. The Lord showed me
something
biological. The Lord said,
"Watch for the
mules,"and
I saw people moving in the
cover of night that had a black drum
with
a symbol on the side. Then
a biological thing that looked like one
of those bank teller tubes,
which represented something else. I
saw a
cylinder tube that was
glass that had a symbol on the side of
it. The Lord showed me that coming
out of Cuba, hitting the Miami side.
This symbol I saw on
the side of
it was very serious. We see these
things and I saw liberation coming.
Remember, I saw a green blade coming up
out of Cuba.
Not adding to or taking away from
anything, but I saw a brand new future
coming for them. I saw liberation coming
for Cuba;
I saw green coming up out of Cuba. That
was a spring of growth.
There were cords
attached underwater that
looked
like internet cords that were going toward
the
Europe
and
Russia area, and it was attached to
a new spring of growth of finances,
liberty, and freedom for Cubans.
I saw revival coming to Brazil,
Venezuela,
Cuba, Mexico, and all of South
America. It was a major revival.
He just kept talking and says it
over and over: "Watch Cuba.
They're in your
backyard."That's
what
has
been on my heart today. In
this Valley of Decision, it
concerns
Cuba.
It's from the persecution.
Remember I warned you what the Holy
Spirit told us:
2026 would be a year
of a lot of political theater
and it would escalate until
the summer. In
the days ahead, you will hear "impeach, impeach,
impeach."They'll
say it a lot. They'll try to
remove him. But here the Lord
warned us about the rats. I don't
ever call an individual a rat, but there
are
rats in the White House,
the Pentagon,
and
Homeland Security.
I pray that President
Trump finds every rat and they are
exposed.
I saw
strategic people that were rats in our
military, rats that
have infiltrated through the Biden
administration
and other administrations before Obama
and are still here.
So we warn,
I pray over these things. Remember the
CIA had a yellow hypnotic
coil,
and in the days ahead they're going to
run that hypnotic coil.
It is
yellow and black, which
represents something serious,
and it broadcasts across
America.
Now I'm not into
conspiracies;
I don't get into all the weirdness. I
just tell you what I see
in visions and what the Lord warns me
about to pray for our country. And we
must pray for President Trump's safety.
When I was in the spirit last night, I
saw again attacks upon his family.
I saw an eye for an eye concerning
Melania.
And the Lord said, "Do not forget to
pray for Don Jr. again."For I saw him
like it was in Back to
the Future
when
Michael J. Fox was
standing on the stage and he had the
pictures of his brothers and sisters and
they were fading out. Remember, because he
had to get his mom and dad
together in the movie.
That's the way Don Jr. looked tonight.
He started to fade;
he looked like a ghost. You could see
through him. And the Lord said, "Bring
him back in the
front."And
as we pray for him, I saw him become
bold in color and his skin filled out
again. He was fading away like a ghost.
And the Lord said, "Pray for
him."And
I saw his feet and his legs become
solid again.
Now, I know that's symbolic, and I'm not
here to cause drama and cause fear, but
I'm telling you what the Lord has
told me to pray for Don Jr., for his life
is in danger.
Pray for his daughter Kai.
I don't know why they would choose to
pick a young woman. I don't understand
why I see her face before me, but the
Lord said, "Pray for Don Jr. and pray
for Kai."So, I would encourage all
5,200 of you to take this very
seriously
and pray for this man. For they said,
"An eye for an
eye."I
hear it; I go into their meetings. The
Lord allows me to do this stuff. I don't
know how;
it's just by the Spirit of God. But I
pray for this man's life. I saw great
grievance again coming upon our
president for losing his son.
And he was broken.
He's just as human as all of us
are. He's a tough old bird
that has a backbone like a crowbar and
makes
hard decisions when nobody else has
the rocks to do it.
So I pray for him. I pray for his
family because the Lord said
you'll be so thankful that you have him
in the days ahead.
There's a storm coming to our nation
because of the
Biden administration and what they
let
in our nation over the last four years
before President Trump's term.
And in the days ahead, the Democrats
will look really stupid, even more so
than they already do. And the
liberalness with which they are trying to
destroy our nation is because they
wanted to bring it down. They have to
bring it down; it's in the way.
But thank God for President Trump and
thank God for our people who fight
for our nation—our men and women of
service and our law enforcement of
Homeland Security, FBI, CIA—the ones
that are good for what I see. And I
strictly say the ones that are
good. And I pray for
every single one of us that we are
protected in the days ahead. I saw again
last night Kim Jong-un talking on the
phone in a private meeting with Putin,
with Xi Jinping, and it was a conversation even
with Ayatollah
Khamenei.
They were all talking and they were
furious about Venezuela.
They were furious about how this would
all take place and they were devising a
plan of how to infiltrate each piece of
land that they wanted.
Kim Jong-un was offered a lot.
I could hear them talking. It was on a
landline;
it wasn't a cell phone.
It was a secret landline
so nobody could tap it.
He was wearing black silk clothes; he
had gold embroidery around it. He had
women all around him. I saw women
feeding him and bringing him
drinks. I saw servants of women that
looked
like prostitutes all around Kim
Jong-un. They were young girls,
probably in their 20s, but there
were
lots of them. I would say probably 10
to 20 because they were coming in and
out of a room and they were bringing
things and they were fanning him.
He was sitting back in what looked
like a lounge couch, and he had his
hand up and he was
talking on the phone and
communicating. He acted like he was
some kind of pimp or something. I don't
know how else to describe it.
And he was talking and I
saw them devising a plan against our
great country.
They were upset because of Venezuela.
But I saw them. I saw Xi Jinping trying to get
the votes across in his own country that
he needed
more votes. There were people that were
standing against invading Taiwan, but he
had
three votes of three men that looked like
generals. They were in army fatigues
and had
a lot of badges on their
chests.
They were in favor of taking Taiwan.
But he had a group of people that were
not in favor because they didn't want
retaliation from the United States for
their economy
and what they thought would be
retaliation for their actions. They were
scared because Donald Trump is strong.
If it was anybody else,
it would already be done.
I'm
telling you, they are
afraid of strong leadership. And that's
what I saw, that they were weighing out
the balance if it was worth the risk to
take Taiwan. I saw in the vision they
took Taiwan in two or three days to
totally take it. They surrendered. It
didn't take much. Just like Venezuela,
they went in; they took out the
leadership. I saw them go in with
their special ops. They came in on
helicopters. I watched it all in the
vision. I saw how they did it. They
landed and they took everybody out. Now,
they didn't escape with no injuries;
there were casualties. I saw people
laying all over the ground. They were
fighting back.
But it didn't take much because they did
basically the same strategic plan that
we did on Venezuela.
It was like that.
They're too powerful.
I saw that happening and as I saw this
happening, I saw a plan against Israel
to strike Israel. This was more
strategic; it happened at night.
Turkey and Syria were all involved.
The
Brotherhood—I
saw biological weapons used during
this attack that were in 50-gallon drums
that looked like yellow liquid.
I saw it again,
but not this time. It just wasn't on
that side, which would be the east,
right? No, yeah, east.
It was Egypt,
and I saw it coming out of Egypt also.
It was surrounded on all sides.
Then I saw again
a Jason Bourne kind of an attack against
the coke snorter,
Zelensky.
I saw him being taken out and I saw a
proxy government being put in that was pro-Ukraine
and
pro-Russia.
I saw an escalation.
I heard them say, "We can stretch him
too thin that he can't retaliate against
all of it at once.
We can stretch him too thin that we can
do it if we all be strategic.
We can stretch him too thin that he
can't protect everybody at once. He'll
have to choose who he wants to help.
It'll be too much
because he already has his hand in
Venezuela
and Cuba."Do you
understand? So we can stretch him too
thin. And I heard him say, and I saw
like a rubber band that looked like it
was ready to break.
It was stretched
in the vision. It was stretched. And I
saw a plan to try to escalate
war. But this is the thing: they
infiltrated us within.
Stretch too thin for the enemy within.
Stretch too thin
for the enemy.
The enemy within is what I heard.
A Red Dawn experience,
D-Day.
And there was an enemy within. But the
Lord said, "I want to show you
something."And
as I looked across,
there were Chinese troops in our country.
And people were just focused on the
Muslim-Arab
people, the
Middle
Easterners.
But there was infiltration also of
Chinese secret spies in our country
that had been let in through the border.
And it wasn't just one country who
has
infiltrated us, but we have more than
one. And there were Chinese secret ops in
our country. It wasn't as much as the
Arabs, but they were still here.
And so I see these things,
and the Lord allows me to warn you to
pray for our nation,
to pray for our president,
because he has a lot of hard decisions
to make in the days ahead.
We still have to pray over the
elections coming up in 2026.
But the country will look a lot
different by then. This is 250 years of
our beautiful country.
And so I believe that we'll
have revival.
I believe we're going to see a lot of
things.
But when I told you,
there it is. It's like a quarter.
It's that thin.
It's rice paper thin.
The dark's going to get darker on this
side and the light's going to get
lighter on this side. And 2026 will mark
a year like you've never seen before.
And from 2026, 2027, and 2028
will be an acceleration of things.
The
Lord brought me back. Thank you. There
He is. He said, "Tell them again
about the rat."I saw Elon Musk coming
back on the scene being a friend,
remember? And I said he will use
social media and there will be the
potential for a
Watergate scandal in 2028.
A Watergate scandal will try to break
forth in 2028 that will try to derail
the presidency of 2028.
It will be because of social media
and things will be asked. We can pray
this away and maybe we just exposed it
right now so it won't happen.
But I saw the opportunity for a
Watergate scenario using social media
because of great
pressure from the EU,
from
Europe.
All of them coming against
Elon Musk and X. There'll be major
lawsuits
that will come against Elon Musk in the
days ahead for mega money to sue him
regarding
First Amendment rights and for
shutting down the freedom of speech in
their nations using his platform.
And they will try to attack him. And I
saw great censorship coming through 2026
all the way through 2028 for
fact-checkers
and all kinds of things.
They're going to try to make
it where you can't say things. "Oh, this
is false
information."You
know how they always do, like what they did
with COVID and everything else.
Facebook is trash. It's my opinion.
I can't stand that platform.
Now some people might like it; I don't.
And I'm entitled to say that I don't
like it. I don't like Facebook. I don't
like TikTok. I don't like
Instagram, but I use them
because they are witnessing tools for the
Lord. I personally don't like them. I
don't mind X or Truth Social. You
know,
I believe Elon Musk can become
radically born again. I have seen it.
You say, "Well, Brandon,
how?"I
believe anybody can get saved. Whenever I saw
the pricks on the hearts last night and
Diana found the verse, I saw the
hardest of hearts of people. I saw a
man with a beard and
tattoos all over his body, and he was
so angry. His mother had been praying
for him last night, and I saw this man
that seemed like he was
hellbound.
Nobody's going to save this guy; he is
hellbound. I saw a prick on his heart,
and what was a black heart of stone,
just like onyx black,
got a little bit of life in it, and the
life started to spread.
You know how you are
purple if you drowned or
something, and all of a sudden they bring
you back and all of a sudden that rigor
mortis
that's setting in and
you get that blood flow and
that purple starts to fade
away? That's the way his heart looked.
And the Lord said, "The hardest of hearts
in the days ahead,
I'll prick them with just love.
It just takes one prick."And he used the
scripture. It was
Acts 2:37. Thank you, son. Good job,
Braden. Acts 2:37.
And He's coming after the hearts that
are hardened towards Him.
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
And when we were praying into it, we
even prayed for a young man
whose
name was
Tyrone.
Tyrone. We called forth Tyrone to come
home. I saw an African-American woman,
an old woman praying
for Tyrone.
She was an elderly woman
in her rocking chair and she was
interceding and weeping before the Lord
for Tyrone.
God's heard all of your prayers.
He loves the souls
just as much as you love your loved
ones. He loves His kids and He
wishes
that none should perish but all
come to repentance.
Every single one of us. He loves even
the darkest of the darkest sinner. And
He doesn't want any of you to go to
hell. Not one of them.
And that's why I was trying to say so
much last night. People try to
misconstrue
what I was saying. It's not going to
validate the Bible, but it will shake
the Muslims in the days ahead because
of
the artifacts that will be found out
of the earth.
The Word of God validates itself. It
doesn't need any help.
But there are some people that will not
believe unless they see a sign.
They're just that hard. And the Lord
said, "I'm going to provide a sign for
the unbelievers, Brandon."That's what
He was saying. And He's going after the
Muslims that are so strong
in their faith
because they're blinded.
They're blinded by unbelief. They're
blinded by false religion. They're
blinded like some Buddhists.
They don't see. And I saw going across
Asia, the hardness of the hardest hearts
in Asia that were so bound by
being a Buddhist or Muslim or whatever,
that the Lord
said, "I'm going after the
Asians."And
I saw a wave of glory, a
wave of the prick of His presence upon
the hardest of hearts bringing them in.
And I saw the greatest harvest of
souls this world has ever seen.
Will it be everybody? No, sadly.
But He's leaving the 99 to go
after the ones that we're praying for.
So, I want to pray for the people
tonight.
I'm praying for a greatest harvest of
souls in America and Europe and in Asia
and in Australia,
in South America, in Africa.
Why not believe for, you know, I hear
one preach a billion-soul harvest and
all this stuff. Then I hear one guy who
says
we have 30 years left and all
this other stuff. Listen, be careful who
you're listening to. We don't know about 30
years.
Jesus is coming. And He keeps
talking about having an urgency.
What's an urgency if it's 30 years?
He's standing at the door.
And He tells me, "Brandon, I'm
standing at the
door"to
the ones that are truly hearing Him
and that are not cold or trying to
perform. If God's not speaking, just
shut up.
There's no reason to perform. We're not here
to entertain you.
I don't have to stay
relevant.
If the platform dies tomorrow, I'll go
back to doing full-time eBay and
Poshmark. I enjoyed it before.
I do this because He asked me to.
Tonight, I wasn't going to do a
broadcast.
He said, "Brandon, I need you to help
me."I
was cleaning the floors,
and I told Braden,
"We're not doing
prayer tonight. I'm going to take a
break."He
said,
"No,
I need you to help me. You
must pray for your
president."So,
I say all this in 30 minutes.
I gave you a little something of where
we are.
We sure love you, all
7,700 of
you.
Thank you for being here tonight. We
appreciate every single one of you.
Almost 8,000 people here to pray, so
let's pray. We'll take communion
before; I always do. People
ask,
"Why do you do that?"Because I don't go
before His throne without taking
communion first.
I don't want to be snared by any
familiar spirits. I'm just as human as
you are,
and you've got to cover all your roads
and all your bases
because the enemy comes in like an angel
of light and he'll snare you faster than
you can think about it. It's obviously
snaring a lot of prophetic voices.
So you need to always take communion and
go before His throne boldly,
listening
to Him
by taking communion, prayer, and
worship first.
Don't just jump in a river thinking you
can hear.
The Lord said the gift is only pure
whenever the glory is on you.
I had this
dream—I'll
say this real
quick—I
was at a conference
and I was getting ready to speak. The
guest speaker walked up to me and the
glory of the Lord came on him, and
she said, "What do you
see?"I
felt the glory. She said,
"Only speak
and reveal what the Lord's showing you
until the anointing is on you to do
so."Every
time I went to say something,
I couldn't get the words out
because the glory wasn't there.
The power of God knocked me down;
it was a
whole thing of correction. But ever
since then, I always wait. Even
when
it comes to any of my own
personal stuff,
even when I'm talking and listening
to the
Lord with Diana, I wait
until the cloak comes on.
Do not talk for the Father unless you
feel the presence of the Lord like I do
right now. Wait. Wait on Him. There's no
hurry. If it
doesn't
show up, you shut up.
You're not here to tickle people's ears
and you're not here to perform. Just go
on about your business, son.
I can do nothing apart from Him.
I have this treasure in earthen
vessels,
that the excellency of the power may
be
of Him and not of me.
Regardless
of 7,700 people,
I want to get that across.
Father, we just lift up this body.
We thank You, Father, for what You're
about to show us.
You said, "I have things for
you to
do,"and
I'm so grateful that You asked
me. I humble myself before You.
What is it that You have need of,
Father, that
You would look at me?
Father, we take this body in the name of
Jesus
and we thank You, Lord,
that You died for every single one of us
so
that we don't have to go to hell.
By Your
stripes we were healed. You took it all on
the cross for us.
You took sickness and disease.
You took mental torments,
depression,
SAD, seasonal affective disorder.
You took anxiety
and
pressure.
You had so much pressure on You that You
sweat blood. Lord,
I'm so grateful for what You did for us.
We take this body in
the name of Jesus and we believe we
receive what You did for us by faith,
that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. You
dwell on the inside of us by faith and
we receive it in
Jesus'name.
I'm a believing
believer. Amen.
Lord, we take
the blood and we
apply the blood of Jesus over our great
nation.
We thank You, Father, for our
president.
We thank You, Father,
for his children and
their children.
We plead the blood over his wife
and over Barron, over Tiffany, over
Ivanka, over Eric and over Don. We
cover every single one of the kids and
Kai and the grandkids in the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon
formed against them will prosper. A
thousand shall fall at their side and ten
thousand
at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh. We pray over JD Vance
and over his wife. We pray over their
kids. We thank You, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are kept around
about them. We thank You, Lord, for
our law enforcement,
our sheriff's
department, our local police
department, the FBI, and
the
highway patrol.
Father, we cover every single one of
them in the blood. Homeland
Security, the NSA,
the
TSA—I
thank You, Father, that we make much
of the blood and the blood makes much of
us.
We pray over the churches.
I
pray over Lakewood Church; it comes
before me again. I pray over Lakewood
Church
and all that area around
there.
I pray over Houston.
I pray over Joel and Victoria.
I
plead the blood of Jesus over them.
I thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed
against them would prosper and every
tongue that rises against them, Father,
we condemn it now. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that there's a shaking to
awaken and the great glory of God would
rest on them and bring them
back to a stronger foundation
and a stronger root in Jesus'name. We
plead the blood over them.
Lord, I take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
I even see John Hagee right now.
Why those churches, Lord?
Cornerstone
in
San Antonio, Texas. It's a
bloodline around that church because
he's standing with Israel. It's an
attack because of what he does with
Israel.
This is what I'm seeing
right now; it's because of his stance
toward Israel.
He's very vocal about this. There
are
local
groups—I
see one particular
person that is an ISIS supporter
there in
San Antonio. I'm
seeing it very clearly; it's one
individual for sure.
He's a sympathizer.
He looks like he's African-American mixed.
He's lighter skinned, not full
African-American.
Everybody knows what I'm
talking about.
He's
maybe
or
pounds.
This is very serious. I see this
man; he's a sympathizer.
No, we call him down and we
call him exposed.
You'll not touch the Hagees. You'll not
touch Cornerstone Church. We bind you in
the name of Jesus Christ. We command
you to
cease and desist your
maneuvering and we plead the blood of
Jesus over Cornerstone Church and over
the congregation. No
weapon formed against them will prosper.
We bind this demonic assignment. We
command you to cease and desist
now in
Jesus'name.
We call
for
an uncovering
of every plot, every plan, and every
pursuit on this congregation. We say
you will not do this in
Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that we'll see
the news and he'll get born again and
radically saved
in
Jesus'name.
It's him and two others.
Now, Sister Clipboard, don't be
calling and bothering these people.
We've
got it.
His people, I'm sure, watch. So don't
be calling and blowing up his phone,
okay? Don't be trying to
harass these people. Don't be flaky.
Pray. Use more time praying instead of
being a
busybody.
Be more prayerful instead of
careful.
No,
there'll be so much more
in the days ahead that the Lord will
reveal to you. You must get a
backbone like a crowbar. We're in dark
times.
Stop being scattered like the sky
is falling. The sky is not
falling. That's why he's called us to
watch on the wall, to take our
authority over things, and to be able to use
our faith, our God-given authority. Like
Sister Sister Billie always tells us, 'The
Authority of the
Believer.'You
must read books like this and fill
your spirit full of good literature
instead of the trash you're watching on The
View or whatever.
Stop watching that, Sister.
Get in the Word
daily. He says
daily, not just on Sunday. Get in
the
Word daily.
Thank you, Lord, for even your correction.
We love you.
He's so funny.
If you could hear the way he
talked
right then, he was stern.
I'm
sure he makes me laugh.
I just go, 'Okay. Well, I just said it
just the way you said
it.'Come
up before me daily, not just on
Sunday.
We've
got bigger angels than they've got
demons. They're all defeated. Do you
understand? But the reason
why things get through the
cracks is when people don't take their
authority over where they live, pleading
the blood, doing what we're doing. And
when you do that, the enemy's under our
feet.
Satan doesn't have power over you. You
have power over him. Jesus took it all.
Do you understand?
As he is, so are we in this world.
As he is, so are you in this world. And
you need to know who you are.
We're believing believers. We're not
doubters. And we're not sitting there
when we see all these things and
saying,
'Well,
the sky is falling. We're going to hell
in a handbasket.'No. I put these on
there because it brings you in.
I don't believe all the drama that's
going to happen. We're going to stand on
the wall and say, 'No, you're not taking
our land.
We're going to
stop some of this
stuff.'Some
of it's going to happen, folks. The
Lord said so, but not around my house.
There's no crack around here.
Do you understand? You've got to take
authority.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you will
see some things and it will shake the
nation,
but it doesn't have to touch you.
A thousand shall fall at your side and ten
thousand
at your right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh
you.'Do
you either believe it or you don't?
But there were still ten thousand and a
thousand
that did,
but it wasn't you.
Only with that eye shalt thou behold and
see the reward of the wicked.
He said, 'Get Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 as
a foundation inside of your heart for
what's coming.
You must know the Word of God for what's
coming.
It cannot be that you just visit it
every once in a while. You must get the
Word down inside of you so that it is a
pillar inside of
you.'You
say, 'I know in whom I have
believed.
I know. I am fully persuaded that what
God has promised, he is able also to
perform
it.'I
am fully persuaded. Even in the
deadness of Sarah's womb,
he considered not his own body.
Abraham could have said, 'Well,
you know what? We're old, busted, and
disgusted. Here we are, honey. We're at
the end of it.'No, no. But
God promised.
He is able to do that which he promised.
'I'm going to be a father of many
nations.'And
here came Isaac first and
Ishmael.
But God.
And you must know who you are in these
days ahead.
Get that backbone like a crowbar,
get a revelation of this beautiful book
that he's given us, and stand on this
Word and speak to the mountain because
your mountain needs to hear your voice.
Tell your mountain, 'Be thou
removed, be thou cast into
the sea.'Don't
doubt in your heart. You'll have
whatsoever thing you say. Speak to it:
'I am healed. I am delivered. I am
prosperous. I have the mind of
Christ.'According
to 2 Timothy 1:7, God hath not
given me a spirit of fear, but of power,
and of love, and of a sound mind. I
have a sound mind.
I'm not going to be tormented by a
devil's torment.
I'm not accepting his package at
my door. I refuse the
package. You're not doing it in my
house. You better stand on the Word in
the days ahead or you're going to be in
trouble.
You better get this book down inside of
your heart or you're in trouble.
This is God's Word speaking to me.
He's speaking to me. I am who he says I
am. I can have what he says I can have.
I can do what he says I can do.
Either you believe it or you don't.
I'm
just
catching
so many of you religious Pharisees; you
must come up higher with the fire.
You're running out of time. Jesus Christ
is coming.
Jesus Christ is coming. Do you
understand, ladies and gentlemen? He's
coming. He's standing at the door.
We're about to see the greatest move of
God we've ever seen before.
I saw Brother Hagin standing on the
side. I saw Kathryn Kuhlman. I saw these
people. I keep seeing these
visions.
They're watching. They're getting ready
for the show.
They're excited about it. The great
cloud of witnesses are watching.
Do you realize how blessed you truly are
that you were born for such a time as
this?
I was taking out the trash just a little
bit ago and I walked over and I said,
'Lord,
whatever it takes, let's see the
greatest move. I want to be a part of
it.
Use me for something more than just what
I'm
doing.'Never
lose your hunger.
Never lose your
thirst.
Got to get on track. The Lord said, 'Brandon,
you've
got to get on track. It's
getting
late.'So
let's pray over
President Trump and let's pray over his
decisions, okay? And I'm just going to
pray in the spirit because I have no
idea what to even say about it in the
natural. You know, I could talk in the
flesh and pray in tongues, and
it gets a lot more... let's hit the mark.
And you that don't pray in tongues, you
pray in English. Pray in what you know.
Pray in what you understand. Okay? I
pray in the spirit. Acts Chapter 2. And
if you don't understand what I'm praying
and understand about tongues, get the
book Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin, and
it will change your life. Why Tongues by Kenneth
E. Hagin
and that
little book takes you less
than 30 minutes to read it. It
explains
everything about the baptism of
the Holy Ghost. It's probably less than
a dollar on the Hagin's website.
His son Kenneth Jr. has it on there.
It's like this big. You can
probably even find it for free on there.
Read it. Read it again
if you want to know about the baptism of
the Holy Ghost and why tongues. And
you say, 'Well, it's not for
everybody.'It
is for everybody.
It's your spirit speaking forth
mysteries. Now, I'm going to pray in
tongues and we're praying perfect
prayers before the Lord and I believe
with all my heart he's going to show us
what we need to be doing right now.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I just yield
over to you.
Go get your mama, baby.
Get her the book and let her write down
whenever because I want her to write
this stuff down.
I'm in New York. I'm by
Times
Square. I'm going down that street
in Times Square.
We call forth Wall Street to flourish.
It's about the economy.
I hear pinging. How do we do this
without firing a shot?
Oh,
man.
When you're writing, baby,
pray with me.
I'm seeing it, man. But it's pushing
through that.
I
see it's about the economy, but
it's being blocked.
Okay.
I
had to know. It's the UN. I'm
at the UN. I'm seeing the flags.
I
see colors.
That's camouflage:
blue,
green,
dark blue,
light blue,
black, gray.
It's in a
camouflage pattern.
It looks like a map. You know,
whenever it looks like a map,
each place would be a
different place on a map.
This looks like Africa.
Yep, that's exactly what it is; it's
a map. Cool.
What would make him a different color
then?
Lord, what is a
different color?
How they vote.
I see our Supreme Court judges
playing into this.
I
see
the one that was put
in there by Bush.
Do you see his name?
Roberts.
That's him right there. That's who
I'm looking at right there. He's in the
spirit. This man right here
is
concerning him. So, we
need to
hold the moon.
Do I say that out loud?
An African-American man.
Two
faces.
I see Kim
Clement's
face.
Ready
and gold. The gold.
A great
multiply. You will see a great multiply.
The columns.
So, we're on the track of the economy
going through the votes, going
through the judges, going through
precious metals.
A new digital
gold.
The names of the
digital
gold.
Take
note.
From coast to coast to the
ocean. The
growing.
And
the great foundation. The bolts
in the
foundation. Roll the
mold. The beast.
The
foundation
of
the beast.
The leaks.
Make the mark.
Dakota.
He is able.
He's your source. He
is
the most high.
Sowing
and
sowing
sowing,
and the day
will come.
I see a breakthrough concerning
Iraq again.
I see Saddam.
I see a breakthrough in Iraq again. The
Lord said, 'Lay hold of it again.
Don't let it go
today.'He's
molding
and
molding,
you're
bened
abundantly. He will come
boldly
molding.
I see the snakes.
They're coming up,
and it's concerning the upper north.
I see snakes coming up out of
Pennsylvania,
Minnesota,
and
Michigan. There's
snakes in there. Boston.
But they're baby snakes.
These are baby
snakes, and they're coiled up and they
have their heads up. They look like
little cobras.
This is corruption.
Do you understand? They're corrupt. It's
corruption on the land. These
snakes
are
in that. These are
Democratic areas. This is concerning the
corruption.
This is the daycares. You
understand?
They're babies. This is
concerning the corruption upon the land:
Minnesota,
Michigan,
Ohio,
the Boston area.
But there's much corruption.
Pennsylvania.
Fetterman.
Toast.
I hear
Fetterman.
It's
best that you show it. As she
said, the best is to show it.
You're not above the law. You're
meddling in
this.
You try to hide it from
us.
Who is Colton?
The disguise.
They will try to hide the disguise to
come.
They're bending their base.
The polls will deny
that they are not in the lead.
They keep the lies.
They'll claim to lead.
But the lies.
This is about the midterms.
There's a lot more to this.
Lord,
they will try to deny.
The mayors.
You must come up closer.
I see General Flynn.
Both of them.
We're praying over their
mouths,
praying over their
influence
for a leak.
A plan to lead. I
wonder if he's going to try to do politics.
A plan to lead.
Yep. Praying for him to lead a part of
the land. It's a
decision
calling forth leaders across the land.
Strong leaders in position to take the
land,
in positions of authority. We must have
great positions of authority, calling
forth leaders across the land that have
a backbone
to take over these places.
You
leaders
for the midterms, leaders like
Charlie
Kirk.
You must have
leaders
to come up against Islam.
They need to lead
across the land.
Marching orders.
So I see General
Flynn across the land, leading the
nations, speaking to lead people
like Charlie Kirk, like you.
We need the Lord said, praying for these
leaders that will take the baton, for
like Charlie Kirk to be speaking
against Islam, taking across the land
public figures for senators,
house seats, judges—people that will
rise up with a backbone like a crowbar
for the land.
We're seeing judges tonight. There's
corruption in these states. The Lord's
saying there's corruption to come.
Pennsylvania,
there's corruption
just like it is in Minnesota. There's
corruption in these other blue states.
And what if a red state
swings red? He said it's a swing
state.
A storm.
Isn't it interesting? It's all up there
east and stuff. I'm looking at it so
close. It's so blue. And I see there's
corruption just like in Minnesota. They
did it all over the place. The Lord says
they did it all over the place. It's not
just one place. There's a lot of
corruption. Billions.
It was because of Biden. No leadership,
and they'll try to bury it and they'll
push it out. It's
acid wash.
How do you get rid of this?
They're scrambling like rats right now.
They're trying to bury this, and it's too
hard to bury
the level of the corruption that's about
to come out.
Las Vegas, Nevada.
California, Gavin.
Embarrassing
moments
over still
embarrassing moments even for
Kamala.
There
is
some bad stuff
there. I
am
looking into it,
campaigning.
The
Lord said, "Don't say nothing
else."Lord,
I can say it.
I could say it, Lord.
You just need to know that.
Thank you all for always praying for me,
for my family, for my safety.
The Lord said the level of
corruption
that is upon this
land—there
are
layers of fraud. Financial fraud.
Elon was right
about the 1.5 trillion
layers of fraud.
It is just a stench.
The layers of fraud.
He tried to say something, didn't he?
He did, didn't he?
He said a lot. He's bold.
Okay, I'm going to say this. Here we go.
I see arrows that come out of Washington
into Ukraine.
They look like red
arrows and they go into bank accounts
into banks in Ukraine.
And once they get into the bank
account—pay
very close attention to what I'm
about to
say—they
go into a vault and then it's
distributed out through many other
little bank accounts.
I count up to eight arrows coming out of
accounts, so eight different people
for sure
are
munching on this.
And the Lord said, "Don't forget the 24
billion."It
is in a vault
that was digital.
He said those are wire transfers.
And the thicker the
arrow, the bigger the money that came out of
it.
So some of those arrows are very
thick
and some are skinny.
Some of them come out and they
are
red,
but some are thicker than
others. So the Lord said, the bigger the
arrow, the bigger the money. The smaller
the arrow, the smaller the money.
But it is a stream
concerning money fraud. It
is
all part of that money Elon was talking
about. It's levels and layers
of money laundering and fraud.
Very interesting, though. Looking at
the Holy Ghost,
boy, if you could get all that back, we
wouldn't be in so much national debt. They
are
trying to take down our
beautiful nation.
All these people deserve prison.
Treason against our beautiful nation.
They've
tried to destroy us.
Their day of judgment, the Lord said,
has begun.
They think they've escaped it in the
natural, but they will not escape it.
Seedtime
and harvest doesn't cease.
Son,
what a man sows, that will he reap.
And the sower and the reaper are going
hand in hand. In 2026, I'm going to
cleanse the land.
I'll cleanse the land in politics. I'll
cleanse the land in your church
for a shaking to awaken.
Finances will flow.
The
catfish—he
can only sustain it for so long.
Trump,
he is just buying time.
Ride the wave.
Do
the paladin.
I see Macron's face.
He put a kink in
the hose concerning Venezuela in the
BRICS.
He put a kink in their hose.
It wasn't
just a little garden hose, ladies and gentlemen; it's a fire
hose.
He put a fire hose in
BRICS
concerning
the financial flow,
and I see the same thing with Cuba.
Did they try to kick me off?
I'm talking; I've said too much.
Father, we just thank you for
President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, for wisdom. I pray
peace over his mind tonight, that he
sleeps well, that he would hear you in
the midnight hour on the direction he
is
supposed to take regarding Cuba.
Give him boldness, Father, and a
reassurance that he has nothing to lose,
that he is fixing it before his
term is over. He
is
running out of time.
They
are
in our backyard.
He fixes it before his term is over.
Thank you, Father, that you protect our
president.
Give him wisdom and give him
people around him that would encourage
him to keep doing what he is doing. We're
eliminating the people in the backyard
that are bad, getting ready for revival.
A major revival is coming. And for those of
you who
don't see it,
it's your loss.
You don't see what he's doing.
It's
politics, folks, but he's being led by
the Lord. People
don't even realize
that God has his hand on it
because Jesus Christ, ultimately—listen
to me—Jesus
Christ is coming,
and most of you don't have a clue how
close he is to coming. Some people say
50 years, 100
years. One person said 30.
Folks, Jesus Christ is coming.
I know no man knows the day or the hour,
but we know the signs as we look upon
the fig tree. We see the signs of
the times all around us. And when we
crossed over on the 23rd from Rosh
Hashanah
to Rosh
Hashanah,
things accelerated. Now, the Lord
said, "Brandon, it's even more accelerated
when we've crossed into 2026,
2027, 2028."It's going to be years like
you've never seen.
And we are already seeing it just like
the Lord said.
Iran's falling
apart. People are protesting, going
crazy, burning things, shooting AKs in
the air. You've got Venezuela going
nuts. You've got Israel and all the
stuff going on in Israel and
Ukraine, and
little Kim's on the phone
looking like a pimp. I mean, come on,
look at all that's going on.
I'm telling you
what I'm seeing in the spirit. But
folks, we're in a time like we've never
seen before
and we just crossed over into it. We're
in day six tomorrow.
Watch what happens and just
pray
over the rest of this month. I'm
believing
for the wealth transfer to
start taking place. We pray over that
a lot tonight.
Gold and digital
gold,
supernatural increase with finances like
we've never seen before
concerning gold and these other things
that the Lord was saying tonight. I
am
believing God for the supernatural.
I'm not a financial adviser, but
we can pray and do it together and
intercede and believe God because he's
talking about it. And these two judges—what
is
all that about? I have no idea.
Praying into these two judges. I see a
change coming.
It's time for corruption to be
uncovered in a nation that's full of
corruption. Financial corruption, more
than you think. Minnesota is something. We
are
just barely
opening the door to the corruption
that's in this nation.
Thank God for that young man that has
the stones to expose it. We
pray for a hedge of
protection
around him that no weapon formed
against that young man shall prosper. Nick
Shirley, we pray for Nick Shirley to be
protected because he had the
nerve to
expose
that.
That's a major deal.
It's not just some thing that he did.
That's a huge deal. And there's more,
much more of what I just saw. The Lord
said it was layers
and
layers of corruption.
Major stuff coming.
We just pray that we'll have more
Nicks to expose it. And then the Lord
said a new Edward Snowden was coming
that would make
Jeffrey
Epstein look like a
cakewalk.
Epstein is nothing compared to
what's about to be exposed. The Lord
said a new Edward Snowden is coming to
make Epstein look like
nothing. They're focused on something
they think is something, but
it is
nothing compared to what's about
to be exposed. I saw file cabinets full
of decades of corruption and
sexual perversion that have been
covered up with the Vatican
file cabinets
of things that they've paid off. People
got paid off and told to shut up, and
the Lord said there's going to
be a great exposing, like a new
Edward Snowden coming.
So,
all 9,100 of you, I think we just broke
a record, did we not?
For many people praying with us, thank
you for joining us tonight.
That's amazing. Praise God, almost
10,000. I told Braden I
was
believing God for 10,000 on one
livestream.
Wouldn't that be cool? All
10,000 praying and believing.
You wonder why we are able to
do things, ladies and gentlemen. Because
if one of us can put a thousand
to flight,
think about almost 10,000 people.
That's a lot of people
praying, putting a lot of angels to
flight and putting a lot of stuff going on.
So, we're going to keep believing.
Father, we just thank you, Lord,
that we'll have the greatest
voter turnout even in
November. Father, just like you had
us praying for General Flynn tonight and
leaders that will stick up and say
things that are right.
I'm
believing God that we'll have great
people to vote for that are not
corrupt,
people that will have
integrity and stand for this nation,
for our Constitution,
and
for the Second Amendment.
I saw great attacks coming
against the Second Amendment in the days
ahead.
The Lord said they have to disarm you,
and
there
will
be great attacks against
the Second Amendment. I saw
they will mess with the food supply
and your
psychology.
He said
they're going to get a foothold in your
media. They've lost their control with
the media, and
they will try to
reestablish it
through
CNN, MSNBC, CBS, and ABC
because this is part of the demonic
Rockefeller agenda.
He said the Rockefellers
have to get a hold of your
mind first with the media and fake news,
then they'll get a hold of your food
supply.
I saw plagues coming against our
cows,
and they're
going to come out and say, 'Well,
we have alternative meat
sources.'I
saw cricket burgers and bug burgers
and all kinds of things coming
because it busts the morale and it's
getting people's testosterone
down with men so that they don't have a
fighter inside of them. You're
limp-wristed,
and they have to take that
testosterone down because there are too many
people with guns, and then they get you
in a passive way of thinking with
their media and the crap they feed
you. The Lord said that this is how
they're going to desensitize you,
Brandon. This is what they're going to
try to do in the days ahead.
Then they'll start attacking religion and freedom
of speech.
They'll
say,
'You can't say that;
it's not politically correct. It's
hate speech. You can't
tell
people they're going to
hell.'But
he said you'll see the greatest
example of this this year in Canada and
England. He said you'll see a great
press come upon the Canadian people.
I saw an olive
pressing, and fresh oil
came
forth and a great revival
sprang
forth out of Canada.
But it will come out of persecution. The
same with Australia.
I saw a new face, a new young man
rising up in Australia that will take
over and be bigger than Hillsong with a
girl named Lily singing and making
music.
A
little blonde girl
will have a brand new song because
the Lord said, 'I'm bringing forth new
worship that you've never heard before.
I'm going to bring forth holy worship
that isn't after Dove Awards,
but
after just worshiping me, and there
will
be holy songs that bring in my
glory.'I
saw a new wave of worship hit the
nation that was the most beautiful
praise and worship you've ever heard
because it was songs that come from the
throne.
The Lord told us that was coming. It's
exciting.
I saw a great revival of young people.
I saw Holy Ghost Woodstock.
They were all in the
fields of brush arbor churches. I still
can't figure out why everybody is in
brush arbor churches out in the fields,
but they don't have them in town. I
think it's because of the plague that's
coming.
The people gather in the fields; they
don't gather in towns. Probably like
COVID,
they wouldn't let anybody
go outside, tried to put masks on
everybody, and lock them down. I
saw a great rising up saying, 'We're not
locking us down this
time.'I
saw President Trump standing behind a
pulpit like he always does with a
red carpet behind him telling everybody
he's locking down all
international flights in the days ahead.
Then he says we won't have any
flights going anywhere to stop the
spread.
I saw a major plague come in again. I
see it a lot.
People have no idea that COVID was a
test run.
It would be created through AI. I keep
trying to warn you all. It will be
created through AI and it will be spread
through rats
like a black plague. Now, it could be
a
metaphor that the Lord is showing me how
this is done, but the rats had red eyes.
Rats don't have red eyes like that.
But he shows me these things and
people get afraid, but it's
linked with your medicine Ozempic and
things like that.
People freak out about stuff like that.
But I'm trying to tell you, I saw they
were lacing it
and intertwining it with AI
technology, bringing back the
bubonic
plague and the Black Plague of Death,
and they were intermingling it.
They're making it into a genetic
code, and there was no vaccination to
stop it.
They'll tell you there is, but there's not.
I have to be careful what I
say because they'll already try to shut
me down tonight.
But I try to warn you. People say,
'When, Brandon, when?'I'm praying over
the
fall of 2027
going into 2028,
not this year,
and really truly not until the end of 2027.
I started seeing it on
the news in the visions in November and
December of 2027. It was the highlight
of the time. So, do we have time to pray
over it? Yes.
Can we stop it? I believe we can do
anything through Christ with all these
people praying. How could you not try to
stop some of this stuff? That's what
we're here for. But I keep seeing it, so
I know it's still on track.
Even
last Friday,
I carried a lot, but I'm so thankful
that God gave me big shoulders so we
could pray for it.
It's not mine to carry; I cast it
over onto him, but he tells me to give
it to y'all and you can pray with it.
Pray over the famine, pray over
Europe,
and
pray over Italy and this major
volcano that's about to go off.
The Lord said even last
night when we were praying and the
Lord
came to visit, he said, 'Watch the
fish from the deep come up on Oregon's
coast.'It's
a sign that a major volcano
is about to erupt out on your coastline
and it will cause a massive tsunami wave
throughout the coast of
Oregon.
I saw British Columbia shaking.
30,000 people will go home that day
in British Columbia. All the coast
all the way up to Alaska
will be on fire for some reason. I don't
know why—maybe a pipeline. There's
something wrong. I saw a major
shaking even on the pipeline
of gas. Something's wrong
on the coastline. Water comes clear
into Seattle.
This is a major earthquake
that's about to take place with a
volcanic
eruption. And the Lord said, 'Your first
sign of what you're about to see
is the fish
dying in the
deep.'Hey,
we hit the 10,000! All glory to God
for the first time. It bounced out;
people left. They don't want to hear
this.
Well, I think it's YouTube glitching
around, but it's
too cool. All glory to Jesus.
10,000.
That's pretty neat. We believe God for
that number.
Fish from the depth. You'll start
to see these fish pop up on your beaches
and you'll see colonies of whales begin
to die from what's in the
water. There's something wrong with the
water and it's coming in the days ahead.
You'll remember this video when I told
you this.
When you see the signs of the fish
coming up from the depth that had never
been seen before, you'll know it's even
closer. There's a major volcano that's
going to erupt out in the Pacific
Ocean
by Oregon.
It is massive when it goes off and
it will cause a massive tsunami wave.
I saw it happening and a major
earthquake is about to take place in
British Columbia.
I don't know when. It could be a year
from now, two years. You say, 'Well,
Brandon, you missed it. It never
happened.'I
see in part, hear in part,
but when I'm telling you I see the
same thing over and over,
repeated visions, this is a major
warning. If I see it once, like the
water poisoning with fentanyl
and killing 23 million people down on
the coast, I've not talked about it
again.
It's only happened—I've only seen it
twice—a
major poisoning of the water
with fentanyl from the drug lords.
They retaliate and poison water plants down in
Louisiana, Alabama, and that area down
there. I saw many people drinking
the water and they didn't realize
they were poisoned with fentanyl.
People said, 'Brandon, do you not see
anything good?'Yes, I see revival. But
the Lord said, 'I've called you to say
the hard things. I've not called you to say the
things that tell the people to pray about things
that are bad
that nobody else would have the
courage to say.'Tell them to
pray and they can change things through
prayer. So I do this and I try to
teach you about the authority of the
believer.
It's not an easy place to stand
and tell you all this stuff.
A lot of you are not even from America
that are watching right now.
It's not
too late.
I'm
usually talking to the Australians
right now. They're
usually the ones praying with me
because I usually come on late,
so we start late. The Australians are
usually watching. But the Lord said,
'Brandon, I want you to start going on
earlier, around 7:00 or 8:00,'because I'm on at 7:00. Don't go
backward.
So that the Americans can pray because
you live there. So
we're coming on earlier. That's why we
came on tonight. I told
Braden, I said, 'We've got to do it
earlier.'The
Lord said to do it earlier. So
here we are.
We see the plague
coming,
we see major earthquakes
in California. And I saw a major
revival coming to Hollywood.
I saw the porn industry struggling
because people weren't looking at
trash. There will be a great
revival, ladies and gentlemen.
Those are the good things I see.
Usually, it's about revival and
finances, the blessing on cryptos
and things like that.
The Lord tells me and that's
exciting. But 99.9% of the stuff is
words of prayer to stop
things.
Can we stop the earthquake in
Oregon and all that? I
don't think so. I think we can lessen it
and you can pray for the people to be
okay. But just like we prayed for New
Year's Eve and we prayed for
protection over those people, we stopped
that. Look at how many people were
busted
and were found out by our
awesome law enforcement.
Can we stop an earthquake?
Tennessee??
We'll keep praying
for
California,
praying for
the fish. That's a major sign when you
start seeing fish coming up out of the
depth of the water that you've never
seen before. This is what the Lord said.
Is this what you showed me today,
son?
This guy, whatever.
Who is this dude right here?
He said
it's coming and he said fish
from
the
depth.
So it's already happening.
How many times has the Lord warned
us about the fish? I saw lots of fish
dead.
He's saying fish from the depth
that get you sick.
It's harbingers. The Lord's
trying to warn you. I've been
prophesying—if
you go back,
Braden's going to make a short and tell
you how many times the Lord has warned
us
about this to validate what
we're saying.
Braden found a
video today by somebody
going viral and people are
sending it to
us.
535,000
people watched
this video because
there should be an alert
inside of you. Then I saw Japan being
split. I saw major stuff coming.
I think we prayed enough for President
Trump tonight.
He said to Kim Clement, he said,
'The
Supreme Court, two shall step
down.'I
don't know if that's what you're
seeing.
That's really detailed. Then
the
Lord
started
showing me two
players
for sure. Two. I saw two men and I
even told who they
were.
That's hard.
There are those who are in a strong
position
in the highest court in the land,
the Supreme Court.
Two shall step down
for the embarrassment of what shall take
place.
But I wish to place in the highest court
in the land righteousness.
They shall attempt to put others in
to endeavor to reach their goals.
But
God says, 'Hear me tonight.
I have this whole thing planned
out. According to my will, for it
is now time for me to restore the
fortunes of
Zion.'This
is my promise, says
the Lord of Hosts.
He even talked about
the
money
then.
He talked about the finance.
This is
what I was seeing
tonight about the money. Gold by three.
Do you remember?
Times three. So four, it's 445.
You have to do the math on it.
So go
buy.
Well, yeah, but I'm not... this is
not financial advice.
Don't mess with it. I'm not
trying to tell anybody to do
anything. So you all pray
about it yourself.
So many people are so immature. I
try
to be so open with you, but I can't always
share
what I'm seeing. So you
pray about it. But
we
saw something
embarrassing.
This is when the
Edward Snowden things
happened.
I pray this is not for these two
people.
I saw Edward and I saw the
African-American man, and I saw their
faces tonight. Two faces. And then the
Lord showed me Kim's face
and then he showed me the other.
That's very
touchy.
So you all pray about that.
I
just call out what I'm seeing in that
vision.
Holy
Spirit, we just ask you, is there
anything else? If not, I'm going to go
on. We're so grateful for
all the people that are here tonight.
And Lord, we thank you that
you're exposing the corruption in
Ukraine. You're exposing those accounts.
And I thank you, Lord,
that our nation is strong. And we thank
you, Lord, for President Trump. We thank
you, Lord, that our families are blessed
that are represented here tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every
single one of them have a restful sleep,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. I bless them
in
Jesus'name.
If there's any of you here
right now and you've never asked Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal savior,
I don't want to close this broadcast
without asking you, do you know, my
friend,
if you're here tonight and you've never
asked Jesus Christ to be your personal
savior,
tonight's your night.
I want to just say a simple prayer for
you. And I want you to repeat this
prayer after me. And I want you to say
it with all your heart.
Say it with your mouth. With the
heart, confession is made; with the mouth,
confession is made from your
heart.
Just say it and just mean
it with all you've got.
Jesus, I need you.
I believe that there's a lot of you that
are riding the fence with Christianity
or you wouldn't be here.
Maybe you're just curious because of
prophetic words that have come to pass
here recently and you're just like, "Who
is this guy?"I'm just Brandon. I was an
ex-sinner
that was saved by grace, just
like you're going to be.
But I messed up a lot and God gave me
a chance.
And he'll give you a chance if you ask
him.
If he'd give me a chance, he'll give
anybody a chance.
I was once lost, but now I'm found.
And I'm so grateful that he would
extend his hand to me and say,
"Brandon, I'm pulling you out of that
pit.
The pit of despair, the pit of pain, the
pit of anxiety, the pit of
depression."How
many times I was on the road of
destruction in my life and Jesus
pulled me out of it. And he's no
respecter
of persons. And what he did
for me, he'll do for you.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I'm battling
depression. I'm battling suicide. I'm
battling addiction. I'm battling
pornography. I'm battling alcohol. I'm
battling cigarettes. I'm battling all
these things. My marriage is bad. I'm
dealing with all this stuff. Would Jesus
forgive me? Would he help
me?"Yes.
Yes. He's an ever-present help in a time
of need. He's always there, wanting to
help. The moment you say
yes, he is there. His arms are wide
open. He's at your door right now
and he's knocking on the door
of your heart. And he's just saying,
"Would you let me in? Will you give me a
chance?"There's
many of you that think
that you're too far gone for God to
forgive.
But there's nothing too big for God to
It's by grace you are saved.
The moment you confess your sins, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
I don't care how bad of a sinner you
have been.
I don't care how bad you think you are.
I really want you to search your heart
right now
and ask yourself, if you were to die
tonight, where would you spend eternity?
All 10,000 of you right now, I know
there's probably at least
one—for
millions have come,
but there's still room for one. Is your
all on the altar today?
Have you given him all?
Does the spirit control?
For millions
have come, but there's still room for
one as you yield him your body and soul.
We yield and we want you, Jesus. So
tonight, if you're here tonight and
you're watching this right now, I want
to ask you: do you know, my friend? And
more importantly, does he know you?
It's appointed unto man once to die, and
after that the judgment. The very shoes
you put on today to go to work or do
whatever you're going to do, the
undertaker might be taking them off that
night. No one's promised tomorrow.
Your
salvation is now.
Now is the time for salvation.
You must know, my friend.
I want to say this simple prayer, but
I want you to be bold about your
decision. If you really are all in and
you're saying, "I'm all in. I want to be
all in for Jesus in 2026. I want to
start my year out right. I want to turn
my back on the devil. I'm tired of
living the way I'm living. I'm tired of
having a marriage like this, and
I'm wanting to fix things. I'm wanting
to sell out to the Lord tonight. I'm
tired of having kids that are
the way they are."And you're
just so tormented inside,
but Jesus is the solution to all
your stuff.
Stop running from him.
Give all to him tonight.
So, if I'm talking to you and you feel
that tug on your heart, I want you to
put in the comments section tonight,
"Tonight's my night. I want to be born
again.
Tonight's my night. I'm turning back to
Jesus."I
used to be on fire for the
Lord, but I've been wayward and I've
been out doing what I shouldn't be
doing. I've been messing around. I've
been doing bad stuff, but tonight's my
night. I want to come home.
I don't want to be this way
anymore,
Brandon.
And just like the prodigal son, he was
in the pigpen. He spent all his
inheritance. He was busted
and disgusted, all upset about
everything. And he thought, "Man, if I
could just go back to my dad's house
and be a servant, maybe he'll let me
back in because I'm tired of eating this
where I'm
at."And
he ran. And as he
was coming, his father saw him coming
and he had the robe. He said,
"Kill the fatted calf. My boy's coming
home."And
tonight's the night
where Dad's about to kill the fatted
calf for you. And he has a robe and he's
ready for you. And he's saying, "Welcome
home. Welcome home, daughter. Welcome
home, son.
I never left you."He says, "I never
left you, but you left me. And
I'm
always standing right where you left me.
Tonight's your
night."Just
repeat this simple prayer after me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of
God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. I ask you to
forgive me of my sins.
Tonight's my night, Lord. I'm coming
home.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
As of today, I turn my back on the
world. I turn my back on the devil. I
turn my back on the sin that I was
doing. And from this day forward, Lord,
I'll serve you. I sell out to you, Lord.
I'm all in.
I ask you to forgive me, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day
forward,
I'm saved. From this day forward, I'm
sold out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that I have a brand new
start and I'm all yours.
Thank you, Lord, for making me
new."It's
something you didn't earn and it's
something you didn't deserve. It's
grace.
He loves you. Welcome home.
Welcome home. I'm excited for every
single one of you that just prayed that
prayer and you said with your whole
heart; I believe you just got born
again. Now, what do you do? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. Don't go back to
a dead church. Go to, I'd say, a
non-denominational church
and get plugged in there. Read your
Bible every day. Come pray with us. Pray
by yourself. But be real with
God and God will get real with you.
It's not religious; it's relationship.
Stop trying to treat God as some
Pharisee hermeneutical
weirdness. I'm saying just
be real with God. "Hey, I had a bad day
today. Can you help me out?
I need you to become more real to
me."Do
you understand? I think it's so much
that people try to put God into some
kind of box that he's too
hard to touch, but he's always there as
a friend.
And when you become a friend to God, God
will become a friend to you.
I want to be your friend.
I want to know you more. I want to be
intimate with you.
Thank you, Lord, that you'll part my Red
Sea. Thank you, Lord, that you'll cause
the burning bush experience for me.
You're no respecter of persons. And what
you did for Moses, you'll do for me.
What you did for Abraham, you'll do for
me. What you did for Shadrach, Meshach,
and Abednego in the fiery furnace, you'll
do for me.
I thank you, Lord, for those beautiful
stories, beautiful things that
you did in the Bible. But God, I
thank you that the God of the Bible is
real to me.
It's not just some book; it's alive. So,
when you get this book down inside of
your heart, it'll change you from the
inside out.
And for somebody who's had problems
reading, I have to listen to it.
I'm so thankful that Jesus Christ paid
the price for me.
So, all 92 of you that gave your heart
to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the
family. We're excited that you got born
again tonight. Welcome to the family,
all 92 of you; that's wonderful.
So, if you don't have a Bible, my wife
and I will buy you your Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us in
the description down below and just say,
'I got born again tonight.'All 92 of
you, if you need a Bible, say, 'Hey,
I'd
like to have a Bible,'and my wife and I will
send you a Bible.
Read that Bible every single day. When
you go to the church you're going to go
to, tell that pastor, 'I need to be
water-baptized.
I got born again on a YouTube broadcast
and I want to get water baptized to
start my 2026 out right.'Get water
baptized, take pictures, and send them to
us. We'd be so excited to see that you
got water baptized and you gave your
heart, and that you know who you are,
and rejoice with you that you
gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Come back, subscribe,
click the notification bell, and do all the
things to be a part of our YouTube
channel. We're believing for a million
men and women prayer warriors in 2026;
we're almost to 600,000.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? We started out
just like everybody else with
nothing and look what the Lord has done.
Almost 600,000 people have joined
up with us and 10,000 of you are
here right now. So, isn't that
amazing? That's a mega church; that's a
big church right there. We have
how many, son?
590,062
people
are part of our prayer channel. And then
we have the others, China and South
Korea, and they're
growing too. Isn't that wonderful?
Spanish, Portuguese.
I tell you what, when
Venezuela fell and all that happened,
the Portuguese channel exploded. They
were so excited. So, I guess, do they
speak Portuguese over there?
Spanish. Spanish,
yeah,
but it sure started taking off
really big when they started posting
that. Braden's working on
shorts for you all. But I wonder why
Portuguese took off so much; isn't that
interesting?
Things you just can't explain. But
he's working on the shorts, he's working
on things. And so we're
starting out 2026 with full steam
ahead, believing God for big in 2026. We
know that God has a lot for us to do and
we're so thankful that you're a part of
it. I think I'll close it there. We
love you all. Thank you for joining us.
Remember, we put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.